After the game is over
I will return this face to his master
What are you doing here?
I thought I would find a place to kiss you
Kiss your head
Are you a dog?
It's going backwards every time.
Interesting. I'm a dog.
Because dogs like to chase
time
Why is it so hot?
It's so cold to stay at the beach
If you don't know, I thought you were a female ghost
Go take you back
You really have seen
What are you doing?
Little feral cats are really hard to find
I won't let anyone steal my rhythm
I am innocent.
Let me out!
I want to rob a lawyer
Husband, what are you in a hurry?
Lawyers will come when they arrive
You've got it all figured out.
I will kill you
Fine. Strangle it now.
Then wait for the boat to take the old iron
And a favorite
Husband, what are you in a hurry?
You think about why things take you